docs(trainer): Add user guide for BuiltinTrainer(TorchTune LLM Trainer) (#4146)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/trainer/user-guides/builtin-trainer/_index.md

+++

> title = "Builtin Trainer Guides"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Builtin Trainer Guide"
```

> description = "How to use BuiltinTrainer in Kubeflow SDK"

Reviewer 2: Let's call it:
```suggestion
description = "How to use fine-tune LLMs with BuiltinTrainer and Kubeflow SDK"
```

Reviewer 3: I think you meant this
```suggestion
description = "How to fine-tune LLMs with BuiltinTrainer and Kubeflow SDK"
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, that looks good!
